Add etcd to troubleshooting, datastore reference (#2805)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.1/operations/deploy-sensu/datastore.md

    parent: deploy-sensu
---

Sensu stores the most recent event for each entity and check pair using either an etcd (default) or PostgreSQL database.
You can access observability event data with the [Sensu web UI][9] Events page, [`sensuctl event` commands][10], and the [events API][11].
For longer retention of observability event data, integrate Sensu with a time series database like [InfluxDB][12] or a searchable index like ElasticSearch or Splunk.

## Use default event storage

By default, Sensu uses its embedded etcd database to store configuration and event data.
This embedded database allows you to get started with Sensu without deploying a complete, scalable architecture.

Sensu can be configured to disable the embedded etcd database and use one or more [external etcd nodes][8] for configuration and event storage instead.

> As your deployment grows beyond the proof-of-concept stage, you should review [Deployment architecture for Sensu][5] for more information about deployment considerations and recommendations for a production-ready Sensu deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your deployment grows beyond the proof-of-concept stage, review [Deployment architecture for Sensu][5] for more information about deployment considerations and recommendations for a production-ready Sensu deployment.
```

> By default, Sensu uses its embedded etcd database for storing configuration as well as event data.
> 
> This embedded database makes it easy to get started with Sensu without requiring deployment of a complete, scalable architecture. As your Sensu deployment grows, you should review our documentation on suggested [deployment architectures][].
> 
> Sensu requires at least etcd 3.3.2 and is tested against releases in the 3.3.x series. etcd versions 3.4.0 and later are not supported.
> 
> Sensu can be configured to disable the embedded etcd database and instead use one or more external etcd nodes for configuration and event storage.
> 
> Please see our documentation on [using an external etcd cluster][8] for details on this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Sensu uses its embedded etcd database to store configuration and event data.
This embedded database allows you to get started with Sensu without deploying a complete, scalable architecture.
As your deployment grows, you should review [Deployment architecture for Sensu][5] for more information about deployment considerations and recommendations for a production-ready Sensu deployment.

Sensu requires at least etcd 3.3.2 and is tested against releases in the 3.3.x series.
etcd versions 3.4.0 and later are not supported.

Sensu can be configured to disable the embedded etcd database and use one or more [external etcd nodes][8] for configuration and event storage instead.
```

Reviewer: In the reference list for this doc, need to add:

`[5]: ../deployment-architecture/`
